Remove Definition File References from Java files (LocalDefinitionProvider), shell scripts and docs (#25592)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/connector-development/tutorials/building-a-python-source.md

### Creating a Source

* Step 1: Create the source using template
* Step 2: Build the newly generated source
* Step 3: Set up your Airbyte development environment
* Step 4: Implement `spec` \(and define the specification for the source `airbyte-integrations/connectors/source-<source-name>/spec.yaml`\)
* Step 5: Implement `check`
* Step 6: Implement `discover`
* Step 7: Implement `read`
* Step 8: Set up Standard Tests
* Step 9: Write unit tests or integration tests
* Step 10: Update the `README.md` \(If API credentials are required to run the integration, please document how they can be obtained or link to a how-to guide.\)

> * Step 11: Add the connector to the API/UI \(by adding a `metadata.yaml` file to the connectors folder\)

Reviewer: It should already exists in  a new connector project because it's added by the generator.
```suggestion
* Step 11: Update the `metadata.yaml` file with accurate information about your connector. These metadata will be used to add the connector to Airbyte's connector registry.
```
